samples/simple.md, before:

### Images (only on iTerm2)

![Helix](helix.jpg)

------------------

# A Markdown Presentation Tool

Ben Zhang

2016-02-07

-------

### Quote

> Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are
> doing the impossible.

------------------

# List and Item

1. First ordered list item
   1. First ordered list item

      You can also add another item here, I assume

   2. Second ordered list item
2. Another item
3. Another third item
4. Unordered sub-list.

   You can have properly indented paragraphs within list items. Notice the blank
   line above, and the leading spaces (at least one, but we'll use three here to
   also align the raw Markdown).  
   To have a line break without a paragraph, you will need to use two trailing
   spaces.

   Note that this line is separate, but within the same paragraph.
   (This is contrary to the typical GFM line break behaviour, where trailing
   spaces are not required.)

-------------

# Code Blocks

```
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {
    printf("Hello World");
}
```

-------------

# Text Styles

You can change text styles, such as `inline code`, *italic*, or **bold**.

-------------

# Support for UTF-8

Here are some examples.

ae = ä, oe = ö, ue = ü, ss = ß
upsilon = Ʊ, phi = ɸ

▛▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▜
▌rectangle▐
▙▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▟

你好，世界

Commit message:

integrate inline image to mdp

samples/simple.md, after:

### Images (only on iTerm2)

You can inline images `![campanile](campanile.jpg)`.

![campanile](campanile.jpg)

Never just an ivory tower, or a monument, the Campanile is a trusty landmark, a
familiar friend, a treasure trove of history, a music box, a guardian, a solace
and a thing of great beauty. But most of all, it is a symbol of the university’s
lofty vision and enduring contribution to California and the world.

------------------

# A Markdown Presentation Tool

Ben Zhang

2016-02-07

-------

### Quote

> Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are
> doing the impossible.

------------------

# List and Item

1. First ordered list item
   1. First ordered list item

      You can also add another item here, I assume

   2. Second ordered list item
2. Another item
3. Another third item
4. Unordered sub-list.

   You can have properly indented paragraphs within list items. Notice the blank
   line above, and the leading spaces (at least one, but we'll use three here to
   also align the raw Markdown).  
   To have a line break without a paragraph, you will need to use two trailing
   spaces.

   Note that this line is separate, but within the same paragraph.
   (This is contrary to the typical GFM line break behaviour, where trailing
   spaces are not required.)

-------------

# Code Blocks

```
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {
    printf("Hello World");
}
```

-------------

# Text Styles

You can change text styles, such as `inline code`, *italic*, or **bold**.

-------------

# Support for UTF-8

Here are some examples.

ae = ä, oe = ö, ue = ü, ss = ß
upsilon = Ʊ, phi = ɸ

▛▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▜
▌rectangle▐
▙▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▟

你好，世界
